So with the image path extracted, we want to display that of course and to display that,
let's go to the post list component which is where we do display the post data
and thus far we only output the header and then in the expanded box for the posts, just the content.
Now I also want to have my image in here and you can style this however you want,
I'll add a little div here, class could be post image but that really is up to you
and in there, I want to have an image.
Now I'll again bind my alt tag here to post title and the source,
well that should be bound to post image path,
right
because that should be a URL to the image.
Now let's work on the styling in a second,
let's first of all see if that works.
If I go to my messages here,
you see already I get an error here and I see no images anywhere,
that's all not working at all.
Now why is this not working?
It's not working because we are of course requesting an invalid image path,
we got no image paths for our older posts, so let's simply delete these.
If we now reload the page, this error still is there.
Now let's go to the network tab and
let's check the request where we get our posts. There in the preview of the response,
we have our posts array
and indeed in the database, the image path is missing.
So back on our server when we store our post here, the image path wasn't saved because we haven't created
a post since we added that functionality.
So let's delete that too and let's create another new post, so new post, spring is there,
all the nice weather, how awesome is that
and most importantly let's pick an image, the right one of course, not the video.
Let's save that
and now we actually still have a problem here.
We do see that we did try to request something there
and if I reload that page, we see it here.
So now we at least try to reach out to a real file, in the network we can see this
and in the posts which we fetched, we can also see that now there is an image path and that is our
URL but we fail to fetch that image.
Now the reason for that is that we didn't grant access to that images folder on our back-end. By default
and that's a good thing,
all your files are unaccessible, you control with your routes
what can be accessed
and we don't give access to the image folder anywhere.
Now to change this, I will simply go to my app.js file and I will add something there.
I want to make that images folder statically accessible which means any requests targeting that folder
should simply be forwarded, should be allowed to continue.
I'll do that,
let's say after my body parser middleware calls with another middleware I add with app use
and that's a middleware built into Express.
It will only apply to any requests which have /images in them,
so where I try to access this
and if that is the case, the middleware I want to add is the one shipping with Express, the static middleware.
The static middleware simply is added like this and this means any requests targeting /images will
be allowed to continue and fetch their files from there.
However this won't work because /images is actually incorrect,
it's hidden away under back-end images. So to map this, I will import something,
a package shipping with NodeJS, the path package which is added by requiring path.
This allows us to construct paths in a way that's safe to run on any operating system and well, simply
is constructed correctly.
I can construct the path to my back-end images folder then with path join back-end images and this will
simply make sure that requests going to images are actually forwarded to back-end images.
With that out of the way, if we save that and we reload on the front-end, the error is gone and we see
the image here.
Maybe a little bit too big, we could argue about that but we can see that we can load the image.
Now let's fix the styling real quick by going to our front-end code and there,
I'm wrapping this in post image right,
so let's go there,
let's add that post image class to the respective css file.
Let's give it a width of 100% and then let's target post image in the image inside of there and
let's give that a width of 100% of the surrounding container
and now if we have a look at this,
now this looks much better already.
Now you could change this a bit more,
maybe give it a drop shadow, little box shadow here, 1px 1px, let's say 5px and then rgba code
which looks like this,
that of course is totally up to you how you want to style this, yeah I like this look.
So now we got our image here loaded from the back-end, uploaded by our application.
Now there's one thing you might have noticed, if you add a new image here and you upload a new post,
then we got to error before.
Now that's also gone
now that we implemented this all correctly and we made sure that the data is saved and that we also
access it correctly statically.
Now with that, we're able to upload new post or create posts and upload images, we're able to display these
images,
the next step is of course that we're able to also edit these posts because right now, that doesn't work
because we got no image value there.